Gracefully fall back to unlit shading in ModelExperimental for models without normals (#10237)
CesiumGS/cesium: CHANGES.md

- Fixed an issue with Firefox and dimensionless SVG images. [#9191](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/9191)
- Fixed `ShadowMap` documentation for `options.pointLightRadius` type. [#10195](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10195)
- Fixed evaluation of `minimumLevel` on metadataFailure for TileMapServiceImageryProvider.

> - Fixed a bug where models without normals would render as solid black. Now such models will fall back to unlit shading. [#10237](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10237)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed a bug where models without normals would render as solid black. Now such models will use unlit shading. [#10237](https://github.com/CesiumGS/cesium/pull/10237)
```

Reviewer: I think "fall back to" is a bit unusual phrasing, just say "use"
